[Music]
centuries ago five African tribes war
over a meteorite containing vibranium
one warrior ingests a heart-shaped herb
affected by the metal and gained
superhuman abilities becoming the first
Black Panther he unites all but the
jabari tribe to form the nations of
Oakland de the wakandans used the
vibranium to develop advanced technology
and isolate themselves from the world by
posing as a third world country in 1992
King to chaka visits his brother and Joe
boo who was working undercover in
Oakland California to Chaka accuses in
Jobu of assisting black market arms
dealer ulysses klaw with stealing
vibranium from oakland de and joe booze
partner reveals he is Zuri another
undercover wakandan and confirms to
Chaka suspicions in the present day
following to chacas death his son to
Chawla returns to Wakanda to assume the
throne he and a co a the leader of the
Dora milosh a regiment extract Nakia two
challahs ex-lover from an undercover
assignment so she can attend his
coronation ceremony with his mother
Amanda and younger sister Cherie at the
ceremony the Jabari tribes leader mbaku
challenges to Chawla for the crown in
ritual combat
T'Challa defeats in Baku and persuades
him to yield rather than die after Klaw
and Eric Stephens steal a wakandan
artifact from a London Museum
Maccabi two challahs friend and a Koei's
lover urges him to bring clawback dead
her alive
T'Challa Ikoyi and the Kia traveled to
Busan South Korea where Klaw plans to
sell the artifact to CIA agent everett k
ross a firefight erupts and Klaw
attempts to flee but is caught by two
chala who reluctantly releases him to
Ross's custody Klaw tells Ross that
wakanda's international image is a front
for a technologically advanced
civilization
Eric attacks and extracts Klaw as Ross
as gravely injured protecting the Kia
rather than pursue Klaw T'Challa takes
Ross to a condo where the technology can
save him
while Shuri heals Ross T'Challa confront
Zuri about in Jobu Zuri explains that in
Jobu plan to share wakanda's technology
with people of African descent around
the world to help them conquer their
oppressors as to Chaka arrested
Jobu and Jobu attacked Zuri forcing to
Chaka to kill him - Chaka ordered Zuri
to lie that in Jobu had disappeared and
left behind Joe boos American son Erik
in order to maintain the lie
Erik became a u.s. Black Ops soldier
adopting the name kill monger meanwhile
kill monger kills Klaw and takes his
body to a Conda he is brought before the
tribal elders revealing his identity and
claim to the throne kill monger
challenges to chollet to ritual combat
after killing Zuri he defeats T'Challa
and hurls him over a waterfall where he
is presumed dead after ingesting the
heart-shaped herb kill monger orders the
rest be incinerated
but Nakia extracts one first kill monger
supported by Wahhabi and his army
prepares to distribute shipments of all
Condon weapons to operatives around the
world
Nakia Shuri brahmanda and Ross flee to
the Jabari tribe for aid they find a
comatose T'Challa rescued by the Jabari
in repayment for sparing him Baku's life
healed by the Kia's herb
T'Challa returns to fight kill monger
who dons his own black panther suit and
commands Maccabi and his army to attack
T'Challa Shuri the Kia and the Doraemon
Lodge a joined to Chawla
while Ross remotely pilots a jet and
shoots down the planes carrying the
vibranium weapons mbaku and the Jabari
arrived to reinforce T'Challa confronted
by a Koi a well kabhi and his army stand
down fighting in wakanda's vibranium
mine
T'Challa disrupts kill monger soo and
stabs him kill monger refuses to be
healed choosing to die a free man rather
than be incarcerated
T'Challa establishes an Outreach Center
at the building where enjoy boo died to
be run by the Kia and shearing and a
mid-credits scene
T'Challa appears before the United
Nations to reveal wakanda's true nature
to the world
in a post-credits scene sure he helps
Bucky Barnes with his recuperation
[Music]